


Learned of the attack on the tower
Arrived at [[HIMW Moonshadow]] and refilled [[Cathy Passion]]'s nutrient tanks
	booted her up and she detected [[Void Squid]] coming
	Deployed [[phosphoplankton]]
	Shot a mix of net shot and explosive rounds, destroyed all squid before any damage to the ship
	[[Skarbar Cavehand]] did the orbital bombardment and got enough shots kinda close
	Before dropping, *[[Skarbar Cavehand]] vandalized the portraits of [[HIM]] and [[Karl Vokstov]] near the drop pod with sharpie mustaches*
Dropped from orbit and landed a few km from the cave entrance.
	Entered the cave system and worked their way down until finding webs, which eventually led to a [[Spider Monkey]]
		[[Sinbar Cavehand]] coughed and set the monkey off.
		They managed to shoot off its tail then blow it up
	Next, [[Sinbar Cavehand]] got lured down a [[Brood Worm]] tunnel with the rest of the party
		[[Skarbar Cavehand]] had to pick him up and run
		Barely made it out of the tunnel
	An [[Echo Gecho]] started repeating [[Thronar Pluviam-Granitehand]]'s ranting about the empire
		It jumped on [[Commander Forgeheart]] but they shot it off
Saw a human girl walking her 6 legged lizard
	She screamed and ran, leaving magically grown leaves and vines in the way
	[[Skarbar Cavehand]] burned the leaves out of the way but [[Commander Forgeheart]] warned everyone that its better to just leave and say nothing
	The group decides to finish the mission, but not chase the girl
	*[[Skarbar Cavehand]] finds a dark pearl looking object with a magical signature on the floor near where the girl was running
		He pocketed it without telling anyone*
They continue on in the cave til part of the floor collapses, revealing a large, well lit cavern below with a thriving human village
	They decide to continue on and just complete the mission. [[Thronar Pluviam-Granitehand]] notes that protocol has not been followed
In the side of the cave they find a small blue cube covered in symbols and moving parts. [[Skarbar Cavehand]] can't figure out what it does.
	They return to the surface and go back to the ship
They learn of the emperor's daughter's new take on imperial security and that the [[Panopticum Aeturnis]] is coming to their ship
[[Skarbar Cavehand]] takes the pearl into an airlock and inspects it. 
	The pearl floats in his hand, space warbles then a sphere of water with a fish in it and the water falls to the floor
	He rescues the fish and has it in his bunk living in an old nutrient tank
	[[Skarbar Cavehand]] goes outside the ship "To re align a dish" and tapes the pearl to the back of a dish to hide it.


*Loose ends for the Inquisition*
- Vandalized portraits
- Fish in bunk
- Pearl on ship
- Thronar's notebook



















**Problems:
- [[Sinbar Cavehand]] might run out of serum
- The world is under the iron heel of the [[IFE]]
	- S911 causes crackdown
- Impending Inquisition
	- [[Imperial Inquisitor]] is coming and they must have something to show at audit time
- Here Be Monsters, Magic, and Mystery
	- The [[Warp]] is a dark, dangerous, densely populated place with many strange places and creatures

**Questions**:
- Do they tell [[Cathy Passion]] about the attack?
	- No - nothing happens? or problem later
	- Yes - She causes ship damage maybe
- Can they get her resupplied?
	- No - no warning about void squid
- Can they get the pumps on?
- Will they go outside to fix ship or stay on cannons to shoot squid?
- Will they defeat squid?
	- No - Ship damage - partial decompression. Loss of gnome colony? Full ship destroyed? Escape Pods?
	- Yes - might still need to go outside to repair ship
- How close to the target will they land?
	- If far away, may need to travel quickly before air supply is gone
- Can they get past webs without alerting [[Spider Monkey]]s
- Can they escape the [[Brood Worm]]
- Will they chase the human girl or run back to the ship?
- Will they find the human settlement?
- Will they tell others about the humans?
- Can they recover artifacts and keep the ship in good enough condition to pass inspection from the [[Imperial Inquisitor]]

Good assignment because of [[Skarbar Cavehand]]s asvab scores and beaurocratic mixup with same last names and enrollment date
News of attack on IT
Rendezvous with [[HIMW Moonshadow]] located at magic signal
Need to resupply [[Cathy Passion]] (can't resupply her?)
The boys are sent to do it
She can't speak until recharged
Plug her back in -> She can feel [[Void Squid]] coming
Deploy [[phosphoplankton]]
Fight squid (ship destroyed?)
Mission debrief
Orbital bombardment
Landing into cave system
Follow signal
Mind control monster
Fight monster
Cave feature?
Human girl walking lizard
Runs from them with magic plants