**Problems:
- [[Sinbar Cavehand]] might run out of serum
- The world is under the iron heel of the [[IFE]]
	- S911 causes crackdown
- Impending Inquisition
	- [[Imperial Inquisitor]] is coming and they must have something to show at audit time
- Here Be Monsters, Magic, and Mystery
	- The [[Warp]] is a dark, dangerous, densely populated place with many strange places and creatures

**Questions**:
- Do they tell [[Cathy Passion]] about the attack?
	- No - nothing happens? or problem later
	- Yes - She causes ship damage maybe
- Can they get her resupplied?
	- No - no warning about void squid
- Can they get the pumps on?
- Will they go outside to fix ship or stay on cannons to shoot squid?
- Will they defeat squid?
	- No - Ship damage - partial decompression. Loss of gnome colony? Full ship destroyed? Escape Pods?
	- Yes - might still need to go outside to repair ship
- How close to the target will they land?
	- If far away, may need to travel quickly before air supply is gone
- Can they get past webs without alerting [[Spider Monkey]]s
- Can they escape the [[Brood Worm]]
- Will they chase the human girl or run back to the ship?
- Will they find the human settlement?
- Will they tell others about the humans?
- Can they recover artifacts and keep the ship in good enough condition to pass inspection from the [[Imperial Inquisitor]]

Good assignment because of [[Skarbar Cavehand]]s asvab scores and beaurocratic mixup with same last names and enrollment date
News of attack on IT
Rendezvous with [[HIMW Moonshadow]] located at magic signal
Need to resupply [[Cathy Passion]] (can't resupply her?)
The boys are sent to do it
She can't speak until recharged
Plug her back in -> She can feel [[Void Squid]] coming
Deploy [[phosphoplankton]]
Fight squid (ship destroyed?)
Mission debrief
Orbital bombardment
Landing into cave system
Follow signal
Mind control monster
Fight monster
Cave feature?
Human girl walking lizard
Runs from them with magic plants